from zero tango trader in 30 days. We
coded our entry logic. We coded the main
component of our exit logic. Now it's
time to add take profit and stop loss.
When prompting ch, it is important to us
to include three inputs. Number of
contracts with default value one. Take
profit default value 6,000. Stop loss
default value 2,000. The default value
for the take profit and stop loss
doesn't really matter. We will optimize
it later. What does matter is specifying
that the stop-loss and take profit
should be applied on a contract level
not on the position level. This will be
crucial later when we work on position
sizing. Let JP do the heavy lifting.
Copy the code, compile your strategy,
apply to your instrument, and make sure
that everything works as expected. And
at this point we can start break
testing.